Add "Supported cloud providers and implementations" page (was: "Our product") (#1842)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/platform-overview/cluster-management/product/_index.md

---
title: Our product

> description: Overview of the Giant Swarm cluster management product, the different generations and cloud provider implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Overview of the Giant Swarm Platform, the different generations and cloud provider implementations.
```
I do think we need to talk about the platform since it is not just cluster mgmt, we want to adapt the documentation to look at the coming future. The idea is to serve a dev platform to the customers and we can start building over it

Reviewer: I have seen this is under cluster mgmt but even that I would not call it product since the product IMO it is the platform. Obviously, it has parts and layers, we could start showing a graphic in the `platform overview` and then here talk about the specifics of the cluster mgmt. But changing the naming from `product` to flavour.

last_review_date: 2023-06-20
weight: 10
aliases:
menu:
  main:
    parent: platform-overview-cluster-management
    identifier: cluster-management-products
user_questions:
  - Which different products does Giant Swarm offer?
  - Which cloud providers are supported?
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/area-kaas
---

> ## The Giant Swarm cluster management product
> 
> We offer _one_ cluster management product. It comes in different generations which are designed to be compatible with each other and integrate well with our [app platform]({{< relref "/platform-overview/app-platform" >}}). Our development focuses on the latest generation: cluster management based on the Kubernetes subproject [Cluster API (CAPI)]({{< relref "/platform-overview/cluster-management/cluster-api" >}}). We are planning and supporting the migration of customer clusters to this generation in the long term. The previous generation is called _Vintage_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Giant Swarm Cluster Management

One of the main building blocks of the platform is the cluster management. We offer our customers a single cluster management system. It comes in different generations which are designed to be compatible with each other and integrate well with our [app platform]({{< relref "/platform-overview/app-platform" >}}). Our development focuses on the latest generation: cluster management based on the Kubernetes subproject [Cluster API (CAPI)]({{< relref "/platform-overview/cluster-management/cluster-api" >}}). We are planning and supporting the migration of customer clusters to this generation in the long term. The previous generation is called _Vintage_.
```

Reviewer: I would do another iteration later to see if I am more inspired

We offer the following cloud provider implementations:

- **CAPA (AWS EC2)** – _GA (general availability) expected soon (around 2023Q3)_
- **CAPA (AWS EKS)** – _in development_
- **CAPG (GCP VMs)** – _alpha_
- **CAPV (VMware vSphere)** – _alpha_
- **CAPVCD (VMware Cloud Director)** – _beta_
- **CAPZ (Azure VMs)** – _beta_

## Vintage generation

This is the previous generation of our product and is still in production with many of our customers. We still actively support this generation. However, the development focus is limited to main customer needs and supporting the migration to our CAPI-based implementations. For example, we introduced Cilium as the CNI (Kubernetes Container Network Interface) for both the CAPI-based and vintage generation in order to make the migration simple.

We offer the following cloud provider implementations:

- **Vintage (AWS)** – _GA (general availability)_
- **Vintage (Azure)** – _GA (general availability)_
- **Vintage (KVM)** – _deprecated and being phased out in 2023_

> ## How to choose the cloud provider and implementation
> 
> As new customer, the decision is usually based on the desired cloud provider (e.g. AWS) and development state of the implementation. Your contact and the team at Giant Swarm will work with you to make the right choice. We also clarify any potential customization with customers, such as specific network requirements or other requirements.
> 
> Once the decision for a cloud provider and implementation was made, we can [get you started]({{< relref "/getting-started" >}}) quickly.
> 
> Note that we also offer _proof of concept (PoC)_ projects in which we take 1-2 weeks to set up a reasonable and working prototype with you and present our platform capabilities. This also gives you a chance to witness our communication and [support model]({{< relref "/support" >}}) while we are in close contact, as we are with all existing customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to start with Giant Swarm

As a new customer, you have assigned an account engineer that will help from the very beginning to compose the development platform to your liking. We also clarify any potential customization with customers, such as specific network requirements or other requirements.

After deciding on which provider you will run your workloads, we can [get you started]({{< relref "/getting-started" >}}) quickly.

Note that we also offer _proof of concept (PoC)_ projects in which we take 1-2 weeks to set up a reasonable and working prototype with you and present our platform capabilities. This also gives you a chance to witness our communication and [support model]({{< relref "/support" >}}) while we are in close contact, as we are with all existing customers.
```

Author: I've integrated some of this suggestion
